Congratulations on your elevation to the office of Prime Minister.  Asylum is a game intended to demonstrate the difficult problem of asylum policy in the West, and specifically in Australia.  Since 2008, more than 31,000 asylum seekers arrived by boat in Australia, with a further 870 drowning during the journey.
The asylum seekers issue was a dominant issue during the entire reign of the last government and was one of the major causes of its demise at the polls in September, 2013.  
We invite you, the player, to sit in the hot seat of asylum policy.  As Prime Minister of Australia, you will need to determine asylum seeker policy and will have to juggle the effects on your popularity, your commitment to humanitarian standards and your basic humanity.  Be warned, the effort is fraught, and you aren't likely to succeed.
Asylum is a turn-based game, each turn representing a month.  You will be shown a major event that happened in the past month, and the accumulated statistics.  You will be able to change some policy levers, and even bring into effect entire new policies avery once in a while.  Will you be able to survive without sacrificing your values?
Good luck Prime Minister, you're going to need it!



I'm sorry Prime Minister, but you have just been removed from office.  With your popularity in free fall over the last months, your caucus colleagues have finally lost confidence in your ability to deliver them to office in the next election.  You will be remembered fondly by Meusli eating, sandal wearing greenies, but the rest of us think you're a spineless traitor who prefers foreign queue-jumping asylum seekers to your own true blue Australian people.  Good riddance.




Congratulations, your popularity with the Australian people is sky high, especially with the Southern Cross Tattoo contingent.  Your hard handed policies have resulted in international condemnation, cruelty that was unimaginable only a few years ago, and thousands of deaths.  But hey, you'll probably win the next election, so good on ya mate.